Fix assay bug for annotation (#258)
stjude-dnb-binfcore/sc-rna-seq-snap: analyses/cell-types-annotation/README.md

Parameters according to the project and analysis strategy will need to be specified in the following scripts:
- `project_parameters.Config.yaml` located at the `root_dir`
- `future_globals_value` is hard-coded in each `run-cell-types-annotation-<method>.R` script for each method. If necessary, user can increase/decrease resources.

> - For the `singleR` method, set `singler_celldex_reference` in `project_parameters.Config.yaml` to the **celldex function name** (e.g. `HumanPrimaryCellAtlasData`). The runner calls `celldex::<name>()`. Use a reference whose `colData` includes `label.main` and `label.fine` for the broad and fine notebooks as written. To allow another exported celldex dataset function, add its name to `singler_celldex_allowlist` in `run-cell-types-annotation-SingleR.R`.

Reviewer: I think this could be explained a bit more clearly to indicate what is currently included in the `singler_celldex_allowlist` list currently and what format is expected for adding a custom reference, e.g. 

```suggestion
- For the `singleR` method, set `singler_celldex_reference` in `project_parameters.Config.yaml` to the **celldex function name** (e.g. `HumanPrimaryCellAtlasData`). Currently, the `singler_celldex_allowlist` in `run-cell-types-annotation-SingleR.R` is formatted to accept any of the built-in reference datasets from `celldex`. To add a custom `celldex` reference dataset, use a reference whose `colData` includes `label.main` and `label.fine` information and add the dataset name to `singler_celldex_allowlist` in `run-cell-types-annotation-SingleR.R`.
```

Author: Updated here: 6d651302bf622266a2304e1ccad8234741f41ec0.
